Initial content for Integrity-Policy (#39815)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/subresource_integrity/index.md

   For subresource-integrity verification of a resource served from an origin other than the document in which it's embedded, browsers additionally check the resource using [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CORS), to ensure the origin serving the resource allows it to be shared with the requesting origin.

2. If the script or stylesheet doesn't match its associated `integrity` value, the browser must refuse to execute the script or apply the stylesheet, and must instead return a network error indicating that fetching of that script or stylesheet failed.

## Integrity policy

The {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy")}} and {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy-Report-Only")}} HTTP headers enable a document to enforce a policy regarding the integrity metadata requirements on loaded subresources of specified types (currently scripts only).

> When an `Integrity-Policy` header is specified, the browser would block requests with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode or without an `integrity` attribute from being made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `Integrity-Policy` header is specified, the browser blocks requests with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode or without an `integrity` attribute from being made, and will also report violations if a valid reporting endpoint is specified.
```

When an `Integrity-Policy-Report-Only` header is specified, such requests would be made, but reported to the specified reporting endpoint.

The header values are defined as structured field dictionaries with the following keys:

- `blocked-destinations`

>   - : Defines a list of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only currently supported value is `"script"`.

Reviewer: Currently is not helpful here - as the content dates we don't know if it is true.
```suggestion
  - : Defines a list of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only allowed value is `"script"`.
```

- `sources` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of integrity sources. The default and only currently supported value is `"inline"`.
- `endpoints` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of [reporting endpoints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Reporting-Endpoints#endpoint).

> In cases where a request is blocked by an integrity policy, a [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) violation report is created with a type of `"integrity-violation"`. It contains:
> 
> - `documentURL`
>   - : The URL of the document.
> - `blockedURL`
>   - : The URL of the blocked subresource.
> - `destination`
>   - : The request destination.
> - `reportOnly`
>   - : Whether the report is a result of a report-only policy. When false, that means that the subresource was blocked from loading.

Reviewer: This is strictly accurate and useful. The problem with having it here is that this is guide and the reporting interface should be reference and have a browser compatibility data to allow us to reflect changes.

This information should be documented in the Reporting API as a dictionary `IntegrityViolationReportBody`. The browser compatibility for that should be created as outlined here: https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/27021#issuecomment-2958619985 (you need to do it here because BCD does not accept dictionaries.

Then in this point, I think you would do something like this:

````suggestion
In cases where a request is blocked by an integrity policy, a [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) violation report is created with a type of `integrity-violation` and a body of type {{domxref("IntegrityViolationReportBody")}} that includes information such as the URL of the document and the blocked resource.

A typical resource might look like this

```json
{
Show a real example
}
```
````

> ## Examples

Reviewer: I have pushed this Examples section to the end. Either you interleave examples in the explanation of you have it at the end. But generally you don't have an examples half way though a guide and then add additional content. I can explain why if you need me to.

The {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy")}} and {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy-Report-Only")}} HTTP headers enable a document to enforce a policy regarding the integrity metadata requirements on loaded subresources of specified types (currently scripts only).

When an `Integrity-Policy` header is specified, the browser blocks requests with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode or without an `integrity` attribute from being made, and will also report violations if a valid reporting endpoint is specified.
When an `Integrity-Policy-Report-Only` header is specified the browser allows requests that violate the policy, but will report violations to the reporting endpoint (if a valid reporting endpoint is specified).

The header values are defined as structured field dictionaries with the following keys:

- `blocked-destinations`

>   - : Defines a list of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only allowed value is `"script"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines a list of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only allowed value is `script`.
```

- `sources` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of integrity sources. The default and only currently supported value is `"inline"`.
- `endpoints` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of [reporting endpoints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Reporting-Endpoints#endpoint).

In cases where a request is blocked by an integrity policy, a [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) violation report is created with a type of `integrity-violation` and a body of type {{domxref("IntegrityViolationReportBody")}} that includes information such as the URL of the document and the blocked resource.

A typical resource might look like this

```json
{

> Show a real example

Reviewer: Obviously you will extend this :-)

Author: yeah, `git push` failed.. :)

> [!NOTE]
> For more details on the purpose of the `crossorigin` attribute, see [CORS settings attributes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes/crossorigin).

### Integrity enforcement with the `Integrity-Policy` header

> You can add the following header to your document in order to ensure that all the external scripts it loads are loaded with integrity (and aren't loaded with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode)

Reviewer: Usually a good idea to cross link on first use.

```suggestion
You can add the {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy")}} header to your document in order to ensure that all the external scripts it loads are loaded with integrity (and aren't loaded with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode)
```

2. If the script or stylesheet doesn't match its associated `integrity` value, the browser must refuse to execute the script or apply the stylesheet, and must instead return a network error indicating that fetching of that script or stylesheet failed.

## Integrity policy

The `Integrity-Policy` and `Integrity-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP headers enable a document to enforce a policy regarding the integrity metadata requirements on all the subresources it loads of certain types of subresources. (currently scripts)

> When specified, the browser would not allow requests without an `integrity` attribute to be made. (or simply report about them if the policy is specified using the `Integrity-Policy-Report-Only` header)

Author: done!

The headers are defined as a [structured field dictionary](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8941.html#name-dictionaries) with the following keys:

- `blocked-destinations` - defines an [inner list](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8941.html#name-inner-lists) of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only currently supported value is "script".
- `sources` - defines an [inner list](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8941.html#name-inner-lists) of integrity sources. The default and only currently supported value is "inline".
- `endpoints` - defines an [inner list](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8941.html#name-inner-lists) of [reporting endpoints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Reporting-Endpoints#endpoint).

In case a request is blocked by integrity policy, a [Reporting API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Reporting_API) violation report is created with of the "integrity-violation" type. It contains:

> - `documentURL` - the URL of the document.

Author: done!

## Integrity policy

The {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy")}} and {{httpheader("Integrity-Policy-Report-Only")}} HTTP headers enable a document to enforce a policy regarding the integrity metadata requirements on loaded subresources of specified types (currently scripts only).

When an `Integrity-Policy` header is specified, the browser would block requests with [no-cors](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/mode#no-cors) mode or without an `integrity` attribute from being made.
When an `Integrity-Policy-Report-Only` header is specified, such requests would be made, but reported to the specified reporting endpoint.

The header values are defined as structured field dictionaries with the following keys:

- `blocked-destinations`
  - : Defines a list of [request destinations](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/destination) to be blocked. The only currently supported value is `"script"`.
- `sources` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of integrity sources. The default and only currently supported value is `"inline"`.
- `endpoints` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Defines a list of [reporting endpoints](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Reporting-Endpoints#endpoint).

> - `blocked-destinations`

Reviewer: Duplicate. Breaks rendering.
```suggestion
```
